Fix link in README (#2)
mlcolab/sbi-workshop: slides/README.md

# Workshop Slides

> Directory for slides of the [Simulation-based Inference workshop](https://mlcolab.org/sbi-workshop). It contains an example for `jupyter` slides with interactive elements. We strive to use these text-based slides as it makes further development simpler! 

Reviewer: Thanks for noticing the dead URL! Actually, it seems even with the `https://`, the URL is dead. This should point to the correct website: 

```suggestion
Directory for slides of the [Simulation-based Inference workshop](https://mlcolab.org/resources/simulation-based-inference-for-scientific-discovery). It contains an example for `jupyter` slides with interactive elements. We strive to use these text-based slides as it makes further development simpler! 
```

Author: Thank you @sethaxen for the correction.
